capital = 115

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = ALG_ar
recruit_character = ALG_acr
recruit_character = ALG_mt
recruit_character = ALG_stc
recruit_character = ALG_aa2
recruit_character = ALG_acgs
recruit_character = ALG_ncm
recruit_character = ALG_nccr
recruit_character = ALG_coi
recruit_character = ALG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ALG_acd2
recruit_character = ALG_acas
recruit_character = ALG_communist_guy
recruit_character = ALG_ncs
recruit_character = ALG_awt
recruit_character = ALG_pot
recruit_character = ALG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ALG_ai2
recruit_character = ALG_nt
recruit_character = ALG_aco2


set_convoys = 0

add_ideas = {
	underdeveloped
	underdeveloped2
	racewar
	triballands
	sunpeople
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 0
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	fascism = 10
	communism = 50
	neutrality = 20
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Pickle Chin ass nigga"
	desc = "after the city was overrun by black poeple, they demanded someone to represent them, he was chosen out of many"
	picture = "swarthy.dds"
	ideology = anarchist_communism
	traits = {
		{ representative_of_the_people } { stupid }
	}
}


